At times,
it can be difficult
to talk to Emilien about sex
because Emilien is a young boy,
and I am a single mother.
I’ve been a widow for nine years.
And I find sexual education
a difficult topic to talk about.
In our culture,
talking about sex is taboo,
so much so that our parents
do not talk to us about it.
It is hard to know how much information
we should give to our children.
Children are naturally curious.
Our fear is:
What if they get wrong thoughts?
It is not easy to bring up children
in the last days of this system of things.
It is very difficult
to train children in a blended family,
but with the help of Jehovah,
it is Jehovah
who has helped us to train them.
It’s true that Jehovah
has given us an incredible task
to raise our children in the truth,
but I am calm and confident
because thanks to his organization,
we always have what we need,
in due time,
to successfully carry out this task.
I use the videos provided
by “the faithful and discreet slave”
that relate to the topics
Emilien wants to talk about,
in particular,
the video Protect Your Children,
which speaks about sexual predators,
is a good starting point
for a discussion on this.
Even before Satan’s world
can teach our children about sex,
we can teach them.
Learn From the Great Teacher, chapter 32,
has beautiful questions.
It helps us to understand
what is in their hearts
and how much information
they already know.
Since we have already spoken
to them about sex at this age,
we can talk about any serious matters
in the future without feeling awkward.
We lean on the counsel
from the Bible regarding sexuality,
and this has helped
the children to fear Jehovah.
Every time that we go out
to the fields to do our work,
we are talking all the time
with the children.
I see that Jehovah
has blessed these efforts.
We do not have any problems
amongst the children or with others.